# Python-OOP-Exercises
Some of the problems I solved in my Python OOP Course

In the “Python OOP” course I learned the principles of object-oriented programming (OOP), how to work with classes and objects, how to use object-oriented modelling, and how to build class hierarchies. I further learned the basic principles of OOP such as abstraction (interfaces, abstract classes), encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism. I was introduced to the most commonly used design patterns (creational, structural and behavioural design patterns) and the SOLID principles for object-oriented software design. The course also touched on what iterators and generators are and how to use them. Finally, in the course I learned how to use decorators and focused on component testing (writing unit tests) and the concept of Test Driven Development (TDD).

After having completed a series of general introductory Python courses over the months of February, March, and April 2021, I started my official education with SoftUni by entering their ‘Programming Basics with Python’ course in the summer of the same year. I then continued to their ‘Programming Fundamentals with Python’ course, which started in September and finished in December of 2021. I then completed their ‘Python Advanced’ course and went on to finish their “Python OOP” course.

The ‘Python OOP’ course lasted three months with 3-hour-long classes four times a week and graded homework assignments. Every second class would be an “exercise class” with more sophisticated problems for homework, while every first class was a “lab class” where we got introduced to new concepts through easier problems. Some of the problems I solved you can find above.
